https://jalammar.github.io/feed.xml ML
http://www.datagenetics.com/feed/rss.xml Stat
http://windowsontheory.org/feed CS
http://almostsure.wordpress.com/feed  Stat
http://www.goodmath.org/blog/?feed=rss2 Math
http://www.quantamagazine.org/feed Math CS Sci
http://terrytao.wordpress.com/feed Math "~Terry Tao"
http://karpathy.github.io/feed.xml ML "~Andrej Karpathy"
http://distill.pub/rss.xml Math CS ML
http://blog.stephenwolfram.com/feed Math
https://ergodicityeconomics.com/feed Stat
https://nisheethvishnoi.wordpress.com/feed CS
https://francisbach.com/feed ML
http://www.offconvex.org/feed.xml ML Stat
https://www.math3ma.com/blog/rss.xml Math
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml Tech
https://lukesmith.xyz/videos Tech
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@Luke/70 Tech
https://landchad.net/rss.xml Tech
https://notrelated.xyz/rss Tech
https://www.scottaaronson.com/blog/?feed=rss2 CS
https://blog.kowalczyk.info/atom.xml Tech
https://vitalik.ca/feed.xml Tech
https://www.netmeister.org/blog/rss.xml Tech
https://briancallahan.net/blog/feed.xml Tech
https://yurichev.com/news/rss.xml Tech
https://gilkalai.wordpress.com/feed/ CS
https://openai.com/blog/rss/ ML
http://ai.googleblog.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss ML
http://fa.bianp.net/feed/ Math ML
https://www.mathcounterexamples.net/feed/ Math
https://mathwithbaddrawings.com/feed/ Math
https://www.argmin.net/feed.xml Math
http://fa.bianp.net/blog/feed/ Math ML
https://unixsheikh.com/feed.rss Tech
https://levels.io/rss/ Tech
https://tuxphones.com/rss/ Tech
https://artixlinux.org/feed.php Tech
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ Tech
https://danluu.com/atom.xml Tech
https://pudding.cool/rss.xml
https://ciechanow.ski/atom.xml
https://geohot.github.io/blog/feed "~George Hotz"
http://xn--rpa.cc/feed.atom "~Lexi Hale"
